1326300052
AddMaestraIdToMaterias	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120111162928_add_maestra_id_to_materias.rb	class AddMaestraIdToMaterias 
Alumno	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/models/alumno.rb	class Alumno 
AlumnoTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/unit/alumno_test.rb	class AlumnoTest 
AlumnosController	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	class AlumnosController 
AlumnosControllerTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/functional/alumnos_controller_test.rb	class AlumnosControllerTest 
AlumnosHelper	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/helpers/alumnos_helper.rb	module AlumnosHelper
AlumnosHelperTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/unit/helpers/alumnos_helper_test.rb	class AlumnosHelperTest 
Application	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateAlumnos	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120110113948_create_alumnos.rb	class CreateAlumnos 
CreateMaestras	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120110114019_create_maestras.rb	class CreateMaestras 
CreateMaterias	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120110113846_create_materias.rb	class CreateMaterias 
Maestra	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/models/maestra.rb	class Maestra 
MaestraTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/unit/maestra_test.rb	class MaestraTest 
MaestrasController	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	class MaestrasController 
MaestrasControllerTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/functional/maestras_controller_test.rb	class MaestrasControllerTest 
MaestrasHelper	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/helpers/maestras_helper.rb	module MaestrasHelper
MaestrasHelperTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/unit/helpers/maestras_helper_test.rb	class MaestrasHelperTest 
Materia	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/models/materia.rb	class Materia 
MateriaTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/unit/materia_test.rb	class MateriaTest 
MateriasController	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	class MateriasController 
MateriasControllerTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/functional/materias_controller_test.rb	class MateriasControllerTest 
MateriasHelper	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/helpers/materias_helper.rb	module MateriasHelper
MateriasHelperTest	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/unit/helpers/materias_helper_test.rb	class MateriasHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
YmTeach	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/config/application.rb	module YmTeach
agregar_alumno	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def agregar_alumno
agregar_materia	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def agregar_materia
buscar	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def buscar
buscar	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def buscar
change	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120110113846_create_materias.rb	  def change
change	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120110113948_create_alumnos.rb	  def change
change	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120110114019_create_maestras.rb	  def change
change	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/db/migrate/20120111162928_add_maestra_id_to_materias.rb	  def change
create	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def create
desagregar_alumno	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def desagregar_alumno
desagregar_materia	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def desagregar_materia
destroy	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/alumnos_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/maestras_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/matts/proyectos/ym-teach/app/controllers/materias_controller.rb	  def update
